docs(adding-new-chain): add instructions for USDC and Permit2 (#436)
morpho-org/sdks: docs/adding-new-chain.md

},
```

> Remember to set the USDC address if it supports Permit2, otherwise the signature will default to version 1 (with hasSimplePermit true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to register the USDC address if it supports ERC-2612 permit, otherwise the signature will default to version 1 (with hasSimplePermit true).

```

> Also make sure to add the Permit2 contract (if available) to enable transactional flows using Permit2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also make sure to add the Permit2 contract (if available) to enable transactional flows using Permit2, otherwise the approval will default to the classic erc20 approval
```
